README.md, before:

<a name="top"></a>
# Table of Content

- [Installation](#installation)
    - [Requirements:](#requirements)
    - [Set up:](#set-up)
- [Configs Documentation](#configs-documentation)
    - [nvim_base](#nvim_base)
        - [Plugins included](#plugins-included)
        - [Custom Keybindings](#custom-keybindings)
        - [Custom Settings](#custom-settings)
    - [nvim_code](#nvim_code)
    - [nvim_note](#nvim_note)
        - [Plugins included](#plugins-included)
        - [Custom Keybindings](#custom-keybindings)


# Installation

### Requirements:

- [deno](https://deno.com) is required to use the markdown live preview plugin in the nvim_note config.


### Set up:

Clone this repo in your `~/.config/` (or equivalent), and add these lines to `~/.zshrc` :
```bash
export NVIM_APPNAME=nvim-config/nvim_base
alias nv="export NVIM_APPNAME=nvim-config/nvim_base && nvim" # Switch to and open with basic config
alias nvn="export NVIM_APPNAME=nvim-config/nvim_note && nvim" # Switch to and open with note-taking config
alias nvc="export NVIM_APPNAME=nvim-config/nvim_code && nvim" # Switch to and open with coding config
```
You can then use these aliases to open NeoVim with any config.

# Configs Documentation

## nvim_base

Basic config, template to build a new config, and useful to work on current configs, in case stuff gets broken in the process.
Every plugin, setting, or keybind included in this config is also included in every other configs.

### Plugins included:

- [everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
    * Colorscheme for NeoVim.
    * Configured to dim inactive windows (better visibility of focused window).
    * Custom keybinding:
        + Switch Dark/Light mode: `<C-s>`
- [nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
    * Language parser required in many other plugins.
- [which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
    * Interactive keybinding hints through a popup.
- [nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua)
    * Side-bar file explorer.
    * Custom keybinding:
        + Toggle on/off side-bar: `<C-n>`
    * Added custom internal mapping when focused on side-bar (in order to match the Split Window keybinding of `<C-w>`) :
        + 'Open: Horizontal Split' : `<C-s>`
- [plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
    * Lua utility Library required by telescope.nvim.
- [telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
    * Extensible fuzzy finder.


### Custom Keybindings:

| Keybinding | Action                    |
| ---------- | ------------------------- |
| `<S-h>`    | Go to previous tab        |
| `<S-l>`    | Go to next tab            |
| `<C-h>`    | Go to left window         |
| `<C-j>`    | Go to down window         |
| `<C-k>`    | Go to up window           |
| `<C-l>`    | Go to right window        |
| `<C-n>`    | Toggle nvim-tree side-bar |
| `<C-s>`    | Toggle dark/light mode    |

### Custom Settings:

```vim
set tabstop = 4
set shiftwidth = 4
set softtabstop = 4
set number = true
set wrap = false
```

[Back to top](#top)


## nvim_code

Base config for coding. Work in progress.

[Back to top](#top)


## nvim_note

Config dedicated to note-taking. Includes plugins to edit Markdown files, as well as preview them easily.

### Plugins included:

- [markdown.nvim](https://github.com/tadmccorkle/markdown.nvim)
    * Enhanced Markdown editing tools.
    * Included for the inline styling keybindings and Table of Content creator.
    * Custom keybindings:
        + Set selected text (Visual mode) to bold: `<C-b>`
        + Set selected text (Visual mode) to italics: `<C-i>`
        + Create Table of Content: `<leader>t`
            + (Based on Markdown headings in your file)
- [peek.nvim](https://github.com/toppair/peek.nvim)
    * Markdown file live previewer.
    * Opens another window (outside of the terminal) showing a live preview of the file in a GitHub style, updating in real time.
    * Custom keybinding:
        + Toggle preview window: `<C-q>`
    * **Warning!**
        + This plugin requires [deno](https://deno.com).
        + Doesn't work on every system. 
            + Worked fine when tested on Dells running Ubuntu.
            + Didn't work when tested on iMacs running Ubuntu.
- [bullets.vim](https://github.com/bullets-vim/bullets.vim)
    * Automated bullet lists.

### Custom Keybindings:

| Keybinding  | Action                      |
| ----------- | --------------------------- |
| `<C-b>`     | Set selected text to bold   |
| `<C-i>`     | Set selected text to italic |
| `<leader>t` | Create Table of Content     |
| `<C-q>`     | Toggle preview window       |


[Back to top](#top)

Commit message:

Updated NVIM_CODE and README.md
NVIM_CODE

1. ALE
	Installed the ALE plugin to get inline syntax compilation
errors.

2. init.lua
	Added smartindent.

README.md

1. nvim_code documentation
	Started writing the documentation for nvim_code, for the moment
only including the 2 changes mention higher in this commit as it's the
only thing I've done here.

2. Syntax standard
	Changed the "Configuration" section of configs. I used to
write the settings in the way it was written in .vimrc for readability.
Changed my mind about that, code blocks are designated as 'lua' and
settings are written exactly the way they are in my init.lua.
	Thus changed the one for nvim_base, and wrote the one for
nvim_code like that.

README.md, after:

<a name="top"></a>
# Table of Content

- [Installation](#installation)
    - [Requirements:](#requirements)
    - [Set up:](#set-up)
- [Configs Documentation](#configs-documentation)
    - [nvim_base](#nvim_base)
        - [Plugins included](#plugins-included)
        - [Custom Keybindings](#custom-keybindings)
        - [Custom Settings](#custom-settings)
    - [nvim_code](#nvim_code)
    - [nvim_note](#nvim_note)
        - [Plugins included](#plugins-included)
        - [Custom Keybindings](#custom-keybindings)


# Installation

### Requirements:

- [deno](https://deno.com) is required to use the markdown live preview plugin in the nvim_note config.


### Set up:

Clone this repo in your `~/.config/` (or equivalent), and add these lines to `~/.zshrc` :
```bash
export NVIM_APPNAME=nvim-config/nvim_base
alias nv="export NVIM_APPNAME=nvim-config/nvim_base && nvim" # Switch to and open with basic config
alias nvn="export NVIM_APPNAME=nvim-config/nvim_note && nvim" # Switch to and open with note-taking config
alias nvc="export NVIM_APPNAME=nvim-config/nvim_code && nvim" # Switch to and open with coding config
```
You can then use these aliases to open NeoVim with any config.

# Configs Documentation

## nvim_base

Basic config, template to build a new config, and useful to work on current configs, in case stuff gets broken in the process.
Every plugin, setting, or keybind included in this config is also included in every other configs.

### Plugins included:

- [everforest-nvim](https://github.com/neanias/everforest-nvim)
    * Colorscheme for NeoVim.
    * Configured to dim inactive windows (better visibility of focused window).
    * Custom keybinding:
        + Switch Dark/Light mode: `<C-s>`
- [nvim-treesitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter)
    * Language parser required in many other plugins.
- [which-key.nvim](https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim)
    * Interactive keybinding hints through a popup.
- [nvim-tree.lua](https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua)
    * Side-bar file explorer.
    * Custom keybinding:
        + Toggle on/off side-bar: `<C-n>`
    * Added custom internal mapping when focused on side-bar (in order to match the Split Window keybinding of `<C-w>`) :
        + 'Open: Horizontal Split' : `<C-s>`
- [plenary.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-lua/plenary.nvim)
    * Lua utility Library required by telescope.nvim.
- [telescope.nvim](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)
    * Extensible fuzzy finder.


### Custom Keybindings:

| Keybinding | Action                    |
| ---------- | ------------------------- |
| `<S-h>`    | Go to previous tab        |
| `<S-l>`    | Go to next tab            |
| `<C-h>`    | Go to left window         |
| `<C-j>`    | Go to down window         |
| `<C-k>`    | Go to up window           |
| `<C-l>`    | Go to right window        |
| `<C-n>`    | Toggle nvim-tree side-bar |
| `<C-s>`    | Toggle dark/light mode    |

### Custom Settings:

```lua
vim.opt.tabstop = 4
vim.opt.shiftwidth = 4
vim.opt.softtabstop = 4
vim.opt.number = true
vim.opt.wrap = false
```

[Back to top](#top)


## nvim_code

Coding dedicated config. Include stuff to help write/edit code as well as testing it. Tested only with the C language, although nothing I implemented was only designed for the C language.

### Plugins included:

- [ALE](https://github.com/dense-analysis/ale)
    * Inline syntax errors (compilation errors).
    * Can probably do other stuff, but didn't want to get into it as it was only for the inline errors that I added it.


### Custom Settings:

```lua
vim.opt.smartindent = true
```


[Back to top](#top)


## nvim_note

Config dedicated to note-taking. Includes plugins to edit Markdown files, as well as preview them easily.

### Plugins included:

- [markdown.nvim](https://github.com/tadmccorkle/markdown.nvim)
    * Enhanced Markdown editing tools.
    * Included for the inline styling keybindings and Table of Content creator.
    * Custom keybindings:
        + Set selected text (Visual mode) to bold: `<C-b>`
        + Set selected text (Visual mode) to italics: `<C-i>`
        + Create Table of Content: `<leader>t`
            + (Based on Markdown headings in your file)
- [peek.nvim](https://github.com/toppair/peek.nvim)
    * Markdown file live previewer.
    * Opens another window (outside of the terminal) showing a live preview of the file in a GitHub style, updating in real time.
    * Custom keybinding:
        + Toggle preview window: `<C-q>`
    * **Warning!**
        + This plugin requires [deno](https://deno.com).
        + Doesn't work on every system. 
            + Worked fine when tested on Dells running Ubuntu.
            + Didn't work when tested on iMacs running Ubuntu.
- [bullets.vim](https://github.com/bullets-vim/bullets.vim)
    * Automated bullet lists.

### Custom Keybindings:

| Keybinding  | Action                      |
| ----------- | --------------------------- |
| `<C-b>`     | Set selected text to bold   |
| `<C-i>`     | Set selected text to italic |
| `<leader>t` | Create Table of Content     |
| `<C-q>`     | Toggle preview window       |


[Back to top](#top)
